# CitrusHack2015---Giffy-Text
## Inspiration I was learning how to use Android Studio to make a rhythm game with my group. I was on the part where I adjust the layout and backgrounds. Drawables render easily and readily but then when I tried to use a .gif file the image would not play. I spent the entire hackathon getting it to play. ## What it does It plays .gif image files in the background. There is a spinner that allows users to change which gif is being played. It also has a primitive SMS service able to send text messages to phone numbers. ## How I built it I built it using Android Studio, watching tutorials on Youtube, and reading lots and lots of Stack Overflow. ## Challenges I ran into The biggest challenge I ran into was enabling the gif image to play. Using the Movie class was inefficient and because of my inexperience with Android, would cause lots of syntax errors. Also because gif is not native to Android I relied on outside libraries. ## Accomplishments that I'm proud of I got the gif to play and be able to switch between multiple gifs. ## What I learned I learned how to play gifs in the background of an activity. I also learned how to start new activities in Android and implement rudimentary text messaging. ## What's next for Giffy Text In the future the button for text messaging will open a fully transparent popup form so that users will be able to see the backgrounds when texting. I also plan on implementing a more dynamic image loading because it currently must be hardcoded into the application. Users will be able to find and use their own sets of gifs. Of course static backgrounds will also be fully implemented. 
